Adjusting information about React support in React v1 (#381)
ckeditor/ckeditor4-docs: docs/guide/dev/integration/react/v1/README.md

	This feature is provided through the <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/ckeditor4-react"><code>ckeditor4-react</code> npm package</a>.
</info-box>

> CKEditor 4 offers a native React integration through the CKEditor 4 React component. It provides deep integration of CKEditor 4 and React that lets you use the native features of the WYSIWYG editor inside a React component. The CKEditor 4 React component is compatible with React versions higher than v16.0.x but lower than v16.8. For React 16.8 or higher use {@link guide/dev/integration/react/v2/README CKEditor 4 React Integration - v2}

Reviewer: To be precise, `ckeditor4-react` v1 is also compatible with React v17. Therefore, I would slightly change the wording here.

```suggestion
CKEditor 4 offers a native React integration through the CKEditor 4 React component. It provides a deep integration of CKEditor 4 and React that lets you use the native features of the WYSIWYG editor inside a React component. The CKEditor 4 React component is compatible with React v16.x and higher. However, for React 16.8 and higher we strongly advise to use {@link guide/dev/integration/react/v2/README CKEditor 4 React Integration - v2}.
```

Author: Good point 👍  corrected.
